The Admin Tool is also called Install Tool (#207)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-Installation: Documentation/QuickInstall/TheInstallTool/Index.rst

      Success message after download.

#. Create an empty file :file:`FIRST_INSTALL` in your web root directory (e.g. `public` folder).
   Then reload the page. You will be redirected to the installation process. It will

>    guide you through the steps for installing TYPO3. The Admin Tool is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   guide you through the steps for installing TYPO3. The Install Tool is
```

There is no clear consensus how it should be named but from what I can see it's [still called "Install tool" everywhere](https://github.com/TYPO3/TYPO3.CMS/search?q=install+tool). Also this is the term people are used to so if it is changed, this must be done everywhere at the same time.

>    located in 'typo3/install' in your installation which for example would be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   located in 'typo3/install.php' in your installation which for example would be
```
